Teams - Messaging APIs system event messages support (#13085)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/conversationmemberroleupdatedeventmessagedetail.md

---
title: "conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail resource type"
description: "Represents details for conversation member role updated event."
author: "RamjotSingh"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents details for conversation member role updated event.

> This message is generated when role of a member in a channel or a team has been updated.

Reviewer: Please, add the before role

Articles help readers and translation software identify the nouns and modifiers in a sentence.

Author: Done

Inherits from [eventMessageDetail](../resources/eventmessagedetail.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|conversationMemberRoles|String collection|Roles for the coversation member user.|
|conversationMemberUser|[identity](../resources/identity.md)|Identity of the conversation member user.|
|initiator|[identitySet](../resources/identityset.md)|Initiator of the event.|

## JSON representation
The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail"
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail",
  "conversationMemberRoles": [
    "String"
  ],
  "converstaionMemberUser": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.identity"
  },
  "initiator": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.identitySet"
  }
}
```

> ## Example response

Reviewer: Please, remove this section.

The "## Example response" heading doesn't follow our standards for resource templates. Supported H2 sections are: Methods, Properties, Relationships, JSON representation, and See also. Examples are supported in APIs => ## Response heading, and then under Examples, ### Response.

Author: Removed

---
title: "conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail resource type"
description: "Represents details for conversation member role updated event."
author: "harshnat"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents details for conversation member role updated event.

> This message is generated when conversation member user's role is updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This message is generated when role of a member in a chat, channel or a team has been updated.
```

---
title: "conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail resource type"

> description: "Represents the details of an event message about conversation member role updated."

Reviewer: For readability and clarity, I recommend you updating this phrase. Suggested revision:

-  ...event message about an updated role of a conversation member in a team.

Author: Updated

author: "RamjotSingh"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conversationMemberRoleUpdatedEventMessageDetail resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents the details of an event message about conversation member role updated.

Reviewer: For readability and clarity, I recommend you updating this phrase. Suggested revision:

-  ...event message about an updated role of a conversation member in a team.

Author: Updated

> This message is generated when the role of a member in a channel or a team has been updated.

Author: Updated
